Updated Amplify description (#97)
learnwithjason/learnwithjason.dev: sites/www/src/content/blog/2024-06-24-web-dev-challenge-giveaway-full-stack-amplify.mdx

</Figure>

## What is AWS Amplify?

> [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify) has everything you need to build and host web and mobile apps, in just a few hours! In this challenge you'll have the opportunity to explore the breadth and depth of AWS services, and level up your skill set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify) has everything you need to create and deploy web and mobile apps in just a few hours! In this challenge, you'll have the opportunity to get started with AWS and level up your skill set.
```

Author: 👍

Amplify has a variety of features that you can use in this challenge.

* [Data](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/how-amplify-works/concepts/#data) - Build secure, real-time APIs backed by AWS databases.  
* [Auth](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/how-amplify-works/concepts/#auth) - Enable secure authentication flows and control access to data, files, and more.
* [Storage](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/build-a-backend/storage/) - Storage and manage app content and data.
* [Fuctions](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/build-a-backend/functions/) - Add functions and configure environment variables.
* [Hosting](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/hosting/) - Deploy your website globally.

> To get started for free today use the [quickstart guide](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/start/quickstart/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, use the [quickstart guide](https://docs.amplify.aws/react/start/quickstart/). Amplify is part of the [AWS free tier](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/pricing/?nc=sn&loc=4)!
```

Author: 👍
